release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_rhai_traceid.md

> ### Provide a valid trace id in rhai scripts even if the trace isn't sampled ([PR #5606](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5606))
> 
> Before, when calling `traceid()` in a rhai script, if the trace wasn't sampled you won't get the traceid. It's now fixed and you'll get trace id even if the trace is not sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provide valid trace IDs for unsampled traces in Rhai scripts  ([PR #5606](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5606))

The `traceid()` function in a Rhai script for the router now returns a valid trace ID for all traces. 

Previously, `traceid()` didn't return a valid trace ID if the trace wasn't sampled.
```
